Hudson M2 Extra Steps Plugin
This plugin allows you to configure actions to run both before and after the core Maven execution of an m2 project.
	1.1.3
	
Hudson TextFinder plugin
This plugin is used to search for strings in workspace files. The outcome of this search can be used to mark the build as normal or failed.
	1.7
	
Hudson Clover plugin
This plugin integrates Clover code coverage reports to Hudson.
	2.5
	
Hudson Email Extension Plugin
This plugin is a replacement for Hudson's email publisher
	2.4
	
Hudson FindBugs Plug-in
This plug-in collects the FindBugs analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
	4.1
	
Hudson Dependency Analyzer Plugin
This plugin search for the depency:analyze results into the maven build output and summarize it.
	0.4
	
Hudson Duplicate Code Scanner Plug-in
This plug-in collects the duplicate code analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings. Supported duplicate code analysis tools:

    * PMD's Copy Paste Detector (CPD)

	2.1
	
Hudson Support Subscription Notification Plugin
This plugin notifies the support subscription offering.
	1.2
	
Hudson CVS Plug-in
	0.1
	
Hudson Plot plugin
This plugin provides generic plotting (or graphing) capability.
	1.2
	
Hudson Subversion Plug-in
	1.8
	
Hudson Maven Info Plugin
Adds columns configurable in views to show info about Maven jobs.
	0.0.3
	
Hudson Violations plugin
This plugin does reports on checkstyle, pmd, cpd, fxcop, pylint and findbugs violations.
	0.7.5
	
Hudson Checkstyle Plug-in
This plug-in collects the Checkstyle analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
	3.1
	
Hudson Edgewall Trac plugin
This plugin integrates Edgewall Trac to Hudson.
	1.9
	
Hudson Warnings Plug-in
This plug-in collects the compiler warnings of the project modules and visualizes the results.
	3.1
	
Hudson Task Scanner Plug-in
This plug-in scans for open tasks in a specified set of files in the project modules and visualizes the results.
	4.1
	
Hudson Analysis Utilities Plug-in
	1.1
	
Hudson Cobertura plugin
This plugin integrates Cobertura coverage reports to Hudson.
	0.8.9
	
Hudson batch task plugin
This plugin adds the "task" action to the project for performing batch tasks on the server workspace.
	1.11
	
Build Secret plugin
Lets you upload secret files to be used by a build.
	1.4
	
Hudson Maven Release Plug-in Plug-in
A plug-in that enables you to perform releases using the maven-release-plugin from Hudson.
	0.3.4
	
Hudson PMD Plug-in
This plug-in collects the PMD analysis results of the project modules and visualizes the found warnings.
	3.1
	
Hudson SSH Slaves plugin
	0.9
	
Maven Integration plugin
	1.340
	
HTML Publisher plugin
This plugin publishes HTML reports.
	0.1.0
